(footsteps clacking)
(lively upbeat music)
♪ Meet you downstairs
in the bar and hurt ♪
♪ Your rolled up sleeves
in your skull T-shirt ♪
♪ You say, "What did
you do with him today" ♪
♪ And sniffed me out
like I was Tanqueray ♪
♪ 'Cause you're my fella, my guy ♪
♪ Hand me your Stella and fly ♪
♪ By the time I'm out the door ♪
♪ You tear me down like Roger Moore ♪
♪ I cheated myself ♪
♪ Like I knew I would ♪
♪ I told you I was trouble ♪
♪ You know that I'm no good ♪
(lively upbeat music continues)
♪ Upstairs in bed with my ex-boy ♪
♪ He's in a place, but I can't get joy ♪
♪ Thinking on you in the final throes ♪
♪ This is when my buzzer goes ♪
♪ Run out to meet your chips and pita ♪
♪ You say when we're married ♪
♪ 'Cause you're not bitter ♪
♪ There'll be none of him no more ♪
♪ I cried for you on the kitchen floor ♪
♪ I cheated myself ♪
♪ Like I knew I would ♪
♪ I told you I was trouble ♪
♪ You know that I'm no good ♪
(lively upbeat music continues)
♪ Sweet reunion, Jamaica and Spain ♪
♪ We're like how we were again ♪
♪ I'm in the tub, you on the seat ♪
♪ Lick your lips as I soak my feet ♪
♪ Then you notice little carpet burn ♪
♪ My stomach drop, yeah,
and my guts churn ♪
♪ You shrug and it's the worst ♪
♪ Who truly stuck the knife in first ♪
♪ I cheated myself ♪
♪ Like I knew I would ♪
♪ I told you I was trouble ♪
♪ You know that I'm no good ♪
♪ I cheated myself ♪
♪ Like I knew I would ♪
♪ I told you I was troubled ♪
♪ Yeah, you know that I'm no good ♪
(lively upbeat music fades)